---
title: "Results"

---

# Results

Live lap counts are available on race-monitor during the event. 

- [Day 1 Live Lap Counts](https://www.race-monitor.com/Live/Race/156988)
- [Day 2 Live Lap Counts](https://www.race-monitor.com/Live/Race/157049)
- _[Day 3 Live Lap Counts](https://www.race-monitor.com/Live/Race/157104)_
<br> _Please Note: Race Monitor Laps are not official and do not account for laps that may involve pushing/trailering or penalties_

### Official Results

__Single Occupant Vehicle Class__

The Winner of the Single Occupant Vehicle (SOV) class is simply determined by the car that drives the most laps. Once the event starts SOV vehicles can only charge from the sun. 

__First Place:__ #22 - Illinois: 223 laps / 702.5 miles
__Second Place:__ #16 - Stanford: 212 laps / 667.8 miles
__Third Place:__ #79 - Florida Poly: 175 laps / 551.25 miles

__Fastest Lap:__ Oliver Tumbel (Florida): 4:23.170 / 43.77 mph

__Multi Occupant Vehicle Class__

The Winner of the Multi Occupant Vehicle (MOV) class is determined by a scoring formula that includes miles driven, the number of people in the car, average speed, and the total external non-solar charging during the event. 

__First Place:__ #55 - Poly Montreal: 148.4 score / 222 laps
__Second Place:__ #828 - App State: 42.7 score / 227 laps
__Third Place:__ #49 - Georgia Tech: 11.7 score / 55 laps

__Fastest Lap:__ Eduard Podaru (Poly Montreal): 5:09.328 / 37.2 mph

The formula and variable definitions are as follows: <br>

$$ 
S = \frac{1}{E} \times D \times C \times T 
$$

- __S__: Final Score
- __D__: Person Mile Distance - the number of miles driven (3.15 miles per lap) times the average number of passengers in the vehicle 
- __E__: External Energy Usage - the vehicles battery capacity (assumed to start FSGP full) plus any external grid charging during the event in kWh
- __C__: Completion Factor - the number of miles driven less penalty miles divided by the highest number of miles driven by any team 
- __T__: Target Speed Derating - 1.0 if the vehicle averages at least <b>30 mph</b> for the duration of the event. If average speed is less than 30 mph, the team will have their score derated based on the following formula: 
$$
T = (0.6)^{(30-[Average Speed])^{0.4}} 
$$

<br>
Official Results will be published below periodically through the event. Lap Counts will be updated periodically throughout the day. MOV Scores and Penalties will be updated at the end of each day. 

<p style="text-align:center;"><i>Use the buttons to select which results are shown.</i></p>

<div class="fsgp-tab-container">
    <div class="fsgp-tab-buttons" style="border-bottom:2px solid;border-bottom-color:black;">
    <button class="fsgp-tab-button active" data-tab="laps-sov">SOV Laps</button>
    <button class="fsgp-tab-button" data-tab="score-mov">MOV Score</button>
    <button class="fsgp-tab-button" data-tab="laps-mov">MOV Laps</button>
    </div>
<br>
    <div class="fsgp-tab-content">
        <div id="laps-sov" class="fsgp-table-content-panel">
            {% include fsgp-lap-chart-js class="sov" %}
			<br>
			{% include fsgp-table class="sov" %} 
        </div>

        <div id="score-mov" class="fsgp-table-content-panel">
			{% include fsgp-score-chart-js %}
			{% include fsgp-score-table %} 
        </div>

        <div id="laps-mov" class="fsgp-table-content-panel">
            {% include fsgp-lap-chart-js class="mov" %}
			<br>
			{% include fsgp-table class="mov" %} 
        </div>
    </div>
</div>

__Inspector Awards:__

_The following awards are determined and presented to teams by the staff of the Electrek Formula Sun Grand Prix_

- Rookie of the Year: #18 - Washington
- Most Improved: #79 - Florida Poly
- Fastest Egress: #17 - Illinois State
- Perserverance: #777 - University of the Pacific
- Aesthetics: #786 - Western Michigan
- Abe Poot Teamwork Award: #828 - App State
- Capacitance Award: #95 - UC Irvine

__Mathworks Award:__

Mathworks is the longest running sponsor of the Innovators Educational Foundation. This year Mathworks awarded a $500 prize for the best use of a Mathworks product by a solar car team.

- 2025 Winner: #5 - Florida